                              Program CSVANA
                                6 May 2023

csvana [options]

Display the contents of a logic analyzer CSV file.  Commands can be
entered at a command prompt to alter the drawing interactively, or to get
other information about the CSV file data.  The commands "HELP" and "?"
show the list of commands.

The command line options are:

  -IN filename
  filename

    Provides the name of the CSV file to display the contents of.  The
    second form of this command line option is only allowed when the CSV
    file name does not start with a dash (-).  The mandatory ".csv" file
    name suffix may be omitted from FILENAME.

  -DEV name

    Specifies the RENDlib device to draw onto.  The default is "right",
    which is usually a drawing window taking up the rest of the space to
    the right of a left-justified command shell.

  -ST time
  -EN time

    Sets the relative starting (-ST) and ending (-EN) data time to
    display.  The time is in seconds from the start of the first data
    record.


Cursors

  Three vertical lines are drawn behind the data traces, one each in red,
  green, and blue.  Each cursor is guaranteed to always be within the
  displayed data range.  The cursor positions are moved, if necessary, as
  a result of pan and zoom operations to keep them on the current display.

  The range from the green cursor to the red cursor is the measurement
  interval.  The location and size of this interval can be obtained via
  interactive commands.  The green cursor (start of measurement interval)
  is always maintained left of the red cursor (end of measurement
  interval).

  The blue cursor is referred to as the "data cursor".  It's position can
  be obtained via interactive commands.  Some zoom operations magnify or
  collapse the display around the data cursor.


Interactive controls

  Page Up

   Zooms in one increment about the data cursor.

  Shift - Page Up

    Zooms the display to the measurement interval, with a small margin on
    either side.  The measurement interval is from the green cursor to the
    red cursor.

  Page Down

    Zooms out one increment about the data cursor.

  Shift - Page Down

    Zooms out to show the entire data range.

  Left mouse button

    Drags one of the cursors if clicked on the triangle at the bottom of
    that cursor.  If clicked in the data area, it drags the data cursor
    (blue).

  Middle mouse button

    Pans the displayed section of data by dragging the X axis.

  Scroll wheel rotation

    Zooms in or out about the current point.

  Down arrow

    Drive the dongle with the data record the cursor is at.

  Shift down arrow

    Drive the dongle from the first data record, and set it as the current
    dongle data record.

  Right arrow

    Move to the next sequential data record to drive the dongle to.
    Nothing is done if there is not current dongle data record.

  Up arrow

    Drive the dongle sequentially from the current dongle record to the
    data cursor.  Nothing is done if there is no current dongle data
    record, or it is after the data cursor.
